>>> MR. TRUMP?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
MR. TRUMP, ARE YOU READY FOR
YOUR FIRST MEETING?
>> KELLY ANN, WHAT ARE PEOPLE
SAYING ABOUT MY CABINET
APPOINTMENTS?
DO THEY LOVE THEM?
>> UM -- THEY'RE CERTAINLY VERY
PASSIONATE ABOUT THEM.
I JUST SAW ONE VERY NICE TWEET
SAYING THEY WERE, UM, THEY WERE
GREAT FOR OUR NATION AND THE
FUTURE OF OUR CHILDREN.
>> TREMENDOUS.
WHO SENT THAT?
>> DAVID DUKE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
CAP I SAY SOMETHING?
I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR ALL
YOU'VE DONE, I WOULDN'T BE
PRESIDENT WITHOUT YOU.
>> I THINK ABOUT THAT EVERY DAY.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ALSO THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT
CHIEFS OF STAFF IS HERE.
YOU REMEMBER GENERAL DUNLAP?
>> THERE HE IS.
>> THANKS FOR COMING, GENERAL.
>> MY PLEASURE, SIR.
THOUGHT WE COULD TAKE A MOMENT
TO DISCUSS STRATEGY BEFORE YOUR
UPCOMING TERM.
>> SURE.
>> WE'VE BEEN STUCK FIGHTING
ISIS INIALAL NEWS STRA FOR SIX
YEARS NOW.
WHEN WE FOUND OUT THAT YOU HAD A
SECRET PLAN IT REALLY ENERGIZED
US.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
A PLAN.
VERY SECRET.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> WELL, WHATEVER IT IS, WE'RE
REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO
HEARING IT COME JANUARY.
IT'S ONLY SEVEN WEEKS AWAY.
SO LET'S SAVE SOME LIVES
TOGETHER, SIR.
>> TREMENDOUS, LOVE IT, THANK
YOU.
OKAY, RIGHT.
HERE WE GO.
BIG PLAN.
GOOGLE.
WHAT -- IS -- ISIS?
[ LAUGHTER ]
OH, MY.
59 MILLION RESULTS.
SIRI?
HOW DO I KILL ISIS?
[ LAUGHTER ]
THIS IS A BLACKBERRY.
BIG BEAUTIFUL BOOBS IN BUILDINGS
BIG BEAUTIFUL BOOBS IN
BUILDINGS.
>> MR. TRUMP.
>> YES?
WHAT DO YOU NEED, KELLY ANN?
>> A TIME MACHINE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
BUT I ALSO CAME TO TELL YOU THAT
YOU'VE GOT A SPECIAL VISITOR.
THIS IS PETER CHUCKSELL, HE LED
OUR CAMPAIGN IN WEST VIRGINIA.
>> IT'S AN HONOR, SIR.
>> WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
>> VIRGINIA, A LITTLE DOWN
CALLED GRUNDY.
THAT'S COAL COUNTRY, I'VE BEEN
OUT OF WORK TWO YEARS NOW.
ROUGH TIMES THEN YOU SAID YOU
WERE GOING TO BRING EVERY SINGLE
JOB BACK TO OUR TOWN!
>> EVERY SINGLE ONE?
>> YES, SIR!
HELL, IF YOU CAN BUILD A WALL
THAT'S 2,000 MILES LONG ON THE
MEXICAN BORDER, I'M SURE YOU CAN
HELP US!
>> HOW LONG IS THAT WALL?
>> 2,000 MILES.
>> 2,000 AMERICAN MILES?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE THE LOOK
ON THOSE MEXICANS' FACES WHEN
YOU MAKE THEM PAY FOR THAT WALL.
THEY SAY IT'S GOING TO COST $25
BILLION!
>> FANTASTIC, PEDRO, THANK YOU
VERY MUCH.
[ LAUGHTER ]
$25 BILLION?
IT CAN'T BE THAT MUCH.
OH GOD.
DON'T WORRY, DONALD, IT WILL BE
OKAY.
HILLARY'S STILL AHEAD IN THE
POLLS.
>> MR. TRUMP?
>> YES, KELLY ANN, IS THERE
SOMETHING ON YOUR SHOULDER?
>> YES, ALL OF THIS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ALSO, MITT ROMNEY IS HERE.
>> REALLY?
OKAY.
SEND HIM IN, PLEASE.
>> YEAH, OKAY.
>> HI.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> HELLO, MR. PRESIDENT-ELECT,
THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TIME TO
MEET WITH ME.
>> GOVERNOR ROMNEY, SO GOOD OF
YOU TO COME.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> THIS SEPTEMBER GOING TO WORK,
IS IT?
>> I DON'T THINK SO.
>> GREAT, THANKS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> MR. TRUMP.
MIKE -- PENCE -- IS HERE.
>> PERFECT.
>> HELLO, SIR.
>> HEARD YOU WENT TO SEE
"HAMILTON," HOW WAS THAT?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> IT WAS GOOD.
I GOT A FREE LECTURE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> I HEARD THEY BOOED YOU.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> I LOVE YOU, MIKE, YOU'RE THE
REASON I'M NEVER GOING TO GET
IMPEACHED.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SIR -- WE HAVE A FEW PROBLEMS.
THE DEMOCRATS ARE ALREADY
PUSHING BACK ON OUR ILLEGAL
IMMIGRATION ACT BECAUSE THEY SAY
FINDING 11 MILLION ILLEGAL
IMMIGRANTS IS GOING TO BE HARD.
>> IMPOSSIBLE, PROBABLY.
>> THEN THEY SAY IT'S GOING TO
BE EVEN HARDER TO DEPORT THEM.
>> SO MAYBE LET'S NOT DO IT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> UH -- DON'T DO IT?
>> YEAH.
SCRAP IT.
>> SCRAP IT?
>> SCRAPPED!
SCRAPPED.
>> YOU KNOW, MAYBE WE'LL TALK
ABOUT THAT LATER.
LET'S MOVE ON TO OBAMACARE.
AS YOU KNOW, 20 MILLION PEOPLE
USE IT.
AND IT SOUNDS CRAZY, BUT A LOT
OF THEM LIKE IT.
>> KEEP IT.
LET'S JUST KEEP IT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> I'M SORRY, KEEP IT?
>> YEAH, KEEP IT.
ALL OF IT, NO CHANGE.
>> OKAY, HEY, LET'S JUST HOLD
THAT FOR LATER, ALL RIGHT?
ALSO, THEY'RE GOING TO MAKE IT
HARD FOR US TO HIRE A SPECIAL
PROSECUTE TORE PUT HILLARY IN
JAIL --
>> THEN DON'T DO IT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> DON'T DO IT THIS.
>> SCRAP IT.
SHE DON'T DO ANYTHING.
SCRAPPED.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> SIR.
BEING PRESIDENT IS NOT GOING TO
BE EASY.
BUT WE'LL GET THROUGH IT IF WE
WORK HARD.
TOGETHER.
>> THANK YOU, MIKE.
OH, AND MIKE.
YOU'RE GOING TO DO ERYTHING,
RIGHT?
>> YES, SIR.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> OH, AND MIKE.
ONE MORE THING.
LIVE FROM NEW YORK, IT'S
SATURDAY NIGHT!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]